{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Impact;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\b\f0\fs72 QUANTUM COMPUTING\par
\b0\fs28{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.diamandis.com/blog/massive-disruption-quantum-computing"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.diamandis.com/blog/massive-disruption-quantum-computing}}}\f0\fs28\par
Quantum computing began in the early 1980s, when physicist Paul Benioff proposed a quantum mechanical model of the Turing machine. Richard Feynman and Yuri Manin later suggested that a quantum computer had the potential to simulate things that a classical computer could not. In 1994, Peter Shor developed a quantum algorithm for factoring integers that had the potential to decrypt all secured communications.\par
Quantum Computing is the use of quantum-mechanical phenomena such as superposition and entanglement to perform computation. A quantum computer is used to perform such computation, which can be implemented theoretically or physically. There are two main approaches to physically implementing a quantum computer currently, analog and digital. Analog approaches are further divided into quantum simulation, quantum annealing, and adiabatic quantum computation. Digital quantum computers use quantum logic gates to do computation. Both approaches use quantum bits or qubits.\par
\f1\fs24 Qubits\f0\fs28  are fundamental to quantum computing and are somewhat analogous to bits in a classical computer. Qubits can be in a 1 or 0 quantum state. But they can also be in a superposition of the 1 and 0 states. However, when qubits are measured the result is always either a 0 or a 1; the probabilities of the two outcomes depends on the quantum state they were in.The power of qubits is that they scale exponentially. A 2-qubit machine allows you to do four calculations at once. A 3-qubit machine can do eight calculations. A 4-qubit machine gives you 16 calculations, all simultaneously.\par
\par
By the time you get to 300 qubits, you've got a computer that can do more "calculations" than there are atoms in the universe.\par
\b\fs32 The Implications of Quantum Computing :\b0\fs28  \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul Machine Learning\ulnone : Much of machine learning is about \ldblquote pattern recognition.\rdblquote  Algorithms crunch large datasets to find signals in the noise, and the goal is to maximize the number of comparisons you make between data to find the best models to describe that data. With quantum computing, we\rquote ll be able to do this processing orders of magnitude more effectively than with classical computing. Quantum computing will allow you to compare much, much more data in parallel, simultaneously, and all permutations of that data, to discover the best patterns that describe it. This will lead to fundamentally more powerful forms of AI, much more quickly than we expect. Expect Quantum Computing to cause a positive inflection point (upward) for the speed at which the world develops AI (which, by the way, is why Google is working so hard on it).\par
\ul{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Medicine\ulnone : Quantum computing will also allow us to model complex molecular interactions at an atomic level. This will be particularly important for medical research and drug discovery. Soon we\rquote ll be able to model all 20,000+ proteins encoded in the human genome and start to simulate their interactions with models of existing drugs, or new drugs that haven\rquote t been invented yet. Based on the analysis of these drug interactions, we\rquote ll be able to find cures for previously incurable diseases and hopefully accelerate the time to market for new drugs. Using quantum computer simulations will be the way we design and choose our next generations of drugs and cancer cures.\par
\ul{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Chemistry\ulnone  (and Climate Change): Worried about the climate crisis? Wondering what we can do about it? Quantum computers may be our newest tool to understand what is going on and to fight it. They will allow us to unlock \ldblquote simulation-driven\rdblquote  solutions, perhaps design new catalysts that actually capture carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into new and valuable products at low cost and energy use.\par
\ul{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Material Science & Engineering\ulnone : Because we can simulate atomic interactions, we\rquote ll explore and invent entirely new, better materials. We might find better superconductors, better magnets, materials that will allow us to create much higher energy density batteries, and so on. Since 2011, the U.S. federal government has granted over $250 million to the Materials Genome Initiative in an effort to \ldblquote discover, manufacture, and deploy advanced materials twice as fast, at a fraction of the cost.\rdblquote\par
\ul{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Biomimetics, Energy Systems & Photovoltaics\ulnone : Scientists believe that much of the world is built atop quantum systems. Processes like photosynthesis, for example, are likely dependent on quantum mechanical systems. Thus, as we look to the natural world for inspiration to build better energy systems or stronger materials, we\rquote ll only fully realize their potential when we can model these processes with quantum computers. This will lead to many advances and discoveries across the board.\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Bottom Line: When quantum computing pans out, we'll be able to control the very building blocks of the universe.\par
Who's Working on Quantum Computing?\par
There's a race going on \endash  a race to prove something called "quantum supremacy."\par
\par
Quantum supremacy is essentially the test that validates that the computer you have is in fact a quantum computer\par
\par
In the U.S., three major players are in the game right now:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1 Google\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 IBM\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Rigetti Computing, a startup out of Silicon Valley\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 (And perhaps a fourth -- D-Wave Systems. They've developed chips with qubits, but these haven't yet been conclusively proved to operate as a quantum computer.)\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Both Rigetti Computing and Google believe they will reach "quantum supremacy" in the next 12 to 18 months.\par
\b\fs32 Quantum computing models\par
\b0\fs28 There are a number of quantum computing models, distinguished by the basic elements in which the computation is decomposed. The four main models of practical importance are:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Quantum gate array (computation decomposed into a sequence of few-qubit quantum gates)\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}One-way quantum computer (computation decomposed into a sequence of one-qubit measurements applied to a highly entangled initial state or cluster state)\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Adiabatic quantum computer, based on quantum annealing (computation decomposed into a slow continuous transformation of an initial Hamiltonian into a final Hamiltonian, whose ground states contain the solution)\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Topological quantum computer (computation decomposed into the braiding of anyons in a 2D lattice)\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The quantum Turing machine is theoretically important but the direct implementation of this model is not pursued. All four models of computation have been shown to be equivalent; each can simulate the other with no more than polynomial overhead.\par
\b\fs32 Quantum Algorithms:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0   Fourier Transform and Quantum Fourier Sampling\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Factoring and Finding Hidden Structures\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Grover\rquote s Algorithm and Quantum Random Walks\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Hamiltonian Simulation Algorithms\b\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\fs28\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs32 " When quantum computing pans out, we'll be able to control the very building blocks of the universe"  \par
\par
\par
Refrence:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 wikipedia\fs28\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}https://www.diamandis.com/blog/massive-disruption-quantum-computing"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.diamandis.com/blog/massive-disruption-quantum-computing}}}\f0\fs28\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs72\par
}
 